You're exiled.
No, no, no minute, please, please forgive me.
I didn't want to lose you.
Won't you ever get it?
I'm the one that's in charge here.
Elise, get her out of here.
Yes, boss?
No, no, no, let me go, no!
One traitor down, one more to go.
Marco Sanchez, you're being accused of the murder of your former boss,
Michael Morris. Do you have any last words?
Yes, Michael never saw me as one of his men.
Even Elise had a more power than I did.
That's because Don Michael treated you as his heir.
He was tough on you to sharpen your will.
His heir?
Nah, that man only wanted to control me.
He never trusted me with anything important.
And now with Ami by his side, he left a clueless woman
to run the whole thing. How pathetic.
At least I didn't betray my entire family the way that you did.
You broke the trust that my grandfather had in you.
The trust? I don't even think you know what that word means.
Stop wasting her time.
Someone's going to die, let's do it now.
I will do that.
But first, I think it's time for you to face the truth.
Elise, get the tapes.